Update docs wording (#1277)
onflow/docs: docs/tools/kit/index.md

#### Notes:

* Randomness is generated using Flow’s **on-chain `revertibleRandom`**, producing pseudorandom values tied to block and transaction execution.
* The value returned for identical calls within the same block will be identical.

> * This hook is designed for simple use cases that **don’t require a [commit-reveal scheme]**, such as randomized UIs or loot crates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This hook is designed for simple use cases that **don’t require a [commit-reveal scheme]**, such as randomized UIs or calls from a trusted signer.
```

Author: What does trusted signer mean in this case? Is that accurate?

Author: Making it just randomized UIs.
